# Project_SettingUp
Install NodeJS because it contains npm as well
Config proxy for git if needed: http://<domain>\\<username>:<pass_encode_special_char>@<proxy_server_name>:<port>
Config proxy for npm if needed: http://<domain>\\<username>:<pass_encode_special_char>@<proxy_server_name>:<port>
Config proxy for typing, create .typingsrc file on project angular2/.typingsrc
{
    "proxy" : "http://rb-proxy-apac.bosch.com:8080",
    "rejectUnauthorized" : false
}

+### Proxy
 +If you are behind a corporate proxy, you should ensure that your configuration allows you to work correctly.
 +
 +First, you should be able to configure the `HTTP_PROXY` and `HTTPS_PROXY` in your environment so that all CLI tools (e.g., git, typings, ...) can go through the proxy.
 +
 +Don't forget to also define the `NO_PROXY` variable to avoid going through the proxy for local resources (e.g., localhost, local domains, etc).
 +
 +Note that the .typingsrc file is there to avoid issues caused by SSL termination that is often done in corporate environments. Note that the configuration we provide is INSECURE as it just disables certificate checks. Rather, you should adapt the .typingsrc configuration file so that it continues to check the certificate chain but accepts self-signed certificates generated by your company. Refer to the documentation of typings for more details about the possibilities: https://github.com/typings/typings
 +
 +If the above does not work in your case, then check to make sure that the user agents are allowed through the proxy. Some corporate environments filter Web access to specific user agents (e.g., IE). The following user agents should be allowed through:
 +* npm/
 +* node/
 +* git/
 +* typings/
 
 
 
 Exclude file/folder on Sublime Text: Preference -> Settings - User:
 {
	"ignored_packages":
	[
		"Vintage"
	],
	"file_exclude_patterns": ["*.ts","*.map","*.pyc", "*.pyo", "*.exe", "*.dll", "*.obj","*.o", "*.a", "*.lib", "*.so", "*.dylib", "*.ncb", "*.sdf", "*.suo", "*.pdb", "*.idb", ".DS_Store", "*.class", "*.psd", "*.db", "*.sublime-workspace"],
	"folder_exclude_patterns": [".git", "typings", "node_modules", ".svn", "._d", ".metadata", ".settings"]
}
 
  
